Whew hew! Go out and enjoy some oysters! Allergic to shellfish? You can still eat salmon in any style, Mediterranean fish, Moroccan style, baked, pan-fried, or even get some good sushi. If you need to rely on soy sauce or spicy mayo for flavor, most likely you just paid for bad rolls.

These venues combine upscale cooking techniques with the casual dining experience of a pub. The main focus is to use fresh & local ingredients on their food and craft beers; To show the importance of sustainable, socially and ethically responsible foods. Click here to learn more about eating sustainably.

This is what happens for being undecisive. Find a restaurant in your area that serves non-meat options. Can also be a vegan place. Do not go into a typical restaurant and try to order a salad. You will cave if you see meaty pics on the menu!

A brewery is a business that makes and sells beer. Distinct sets of brewing equipment called a plant is usually displayed. Most breweries service American style food or appetizer style food such as wings, bugers, pretzels, fries, spinach dip, steamed vegetables, BBQ food, and more.

Locate a food cart near you. A food cart is a mobile kitchen that is set up on the street to facilitate the sale and marketing of street food to people from the local pedestrian traffic. Food carts are often found in large cities throughout the world and can be found selling food of just about any varieties.

Locate a pizzeria near you. The first known pizza shop opened in Port Alba in Naples and is still there today. Now there are many mom and pop pizzerias as well as franchises. Franchises incl. Domino’s Pizza, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Hungry Howies, Uno Pizza & grill and more.

A wine bar (also known as a bodega) is a tavern-like business focusing on selling wine, rather than liquor or beer. They typically serve finger foods that complement the wine. Simple plates of meats, cheeses, nuts and olives are common.

Fast casual dining refers to high-quality self service, offering dishes that are prepared to order and more expensive than those available in fast-food restaurants. Fast casual examples incl. Panera Bread, Pei Wei, Chipotle, Noodles & Company, Crispers, Ramen Street, Zaxby’s and more.

Locate a breakfast restaurant near you. Explore locally owned places. Some people love breakfast foods no matter what time it is. Breakfast franchises incl. IHOP, Keke’s Breakfast, Denny’s, Waffle House, First Watch and more. 

A diner is less formal than a restaurant. Diners typically serve American food such as hamburgers, french fries, club sandwiches, and other quick and inexpensive fares. Much of the food is grilled, as early diners were based around a grill. They often serve hand-blended milkshakes and desserts such as pies. 

A casual dining restaurant is a restaurant that serves moderately-priced food in a casual atmosphere. Except for buffet-style restaurants, casual dining restaurants typically provide table service. Chain resturants incl. Chilis, TGI Fridays, Marlow’s Tavern, Bahama Breeze, BJ’s, Cheesecake Factory etc.

Fine dining restaurants are full service restaurants with specific dedicated meal courses. Décor of such restaurants features higher-quality materials, with establishments having certain rules of dining which visitors are generally expected to follow, often including a dress code.
